hey guys so we're opening up with me
making my least bombshell II faves
possible I'm just applying Urban Decay
primer potion to my brow and lid
now i'm taking my Maybelline to find a
brow and just filling in my brows
I hope y'all are digging the Irish kind
of music I know I think it's so pretty
and nice but um next we're going to be
taking silly and putting that all over
the lid and just like in the signature
smokey eye video we're going to be kind
of carving that all the way up into the
crease and even a little further
you
so as you could see just now I was kind
of making a be with my eye shadow and
right here I'm just kind of packing the
color on because there's a little bit of
glitter in it so I wanted that to show
up a bit now i'm taking my fluffy 224
brush and I'm kind of just blending out
everything that I did so that it's a
little more smoky and not just harsh
so now taking silly I'm kind of just
working this on my lower lashline to
give it some depth and to kind of
connect it to the top
now taking the color standoffish we're
going to just tap this into our inner
tear ducts and also use it as a
highlight under the brow
so now going in with serious we're going
to be taking that matte black and just
accentuating our outer V a little bit
more with that
so we're adding lashes right now and I'm
choosing to add amazing shine 43s I
decided to add a little bit of sexy to
just sort of add a pop and that little
bit of burgundy wash of color above the
darkness of silly i'm taking my finger
here and kind of just using it as a
guide because i don't want that color to
spill outside the sort of sharp v-shape
we created and here i'm just smudging a
little bit of black liner on to the fall
/ strip now as per huge I'm kind of just
touching up my brow which is something I
do after i'm basically done with the eye
look I feel like the lashes gives the
look something else completely so I kind
of need to update the brow to go along
with that
so that's it that's basically the eyes
done and I'm going to go ahead and do
foundation powder and also concealer and
you're going to see a little the
foundation right now and the powder but
the concealer somehow got cut off so
sorry
so now i'm taking my favorite bronzer
which is benefits hula and i'm just
going to be putting that along the
hollows of the cheekbones and also on
the temples of my forehead
you
now i'm taking my trusty macworld lip
liner and lining my lips with that and
i'm going to be following that with mac
cherish lipstick
in hindsight I wish I had just kept the
lips as they were but I decided to go
back in and realign with my world to
make it pop out more but I do like that
nude look I had just a few seconds ago
so so once again I managed to forget
powder highlights so I decided to just
go in with what was in my makeup bag and
I'm taking a matte cream color base and
highlighting with that and the look is
done okay I spoke too soon it's not done
but this is the last step i swear i'm
just adding a little bit of smudgy liner
to my bottom lash line and that's it not
my waterline just lash line
you